Are you going to tell me about how you have fiber right into your closet again, it's in my closet like I can see where the fiber
Yeah, like probably twice a month I would say
How'd you're how'd your stream end up going good my throat hurts apparently streaming is
Taxing on your voice. I didn't remember this. Do you feel like riding a bike or was it you feel off?
Oh, yeah, no, I mean all the streaming part was fine, but I
Just forgot they're like talking for four hours straight
actually hurt you
Did you you finish so for some context? I'm building a little app for Jason Langsorf
I've learned with Jason
He's making a video. We've got four devs making the same app or the same premise
Like we're all building a slack app to make our lives easier
He's just kind of comparing and contrasting how different developers solve problems
So I'm building a slack app using their new next generation app platform. I think they called it something like that
And the idea is that it will summarize using
LLM's it'll summarize like a thread and your slack or whatever a bunch of messages from your team that you don't want to read
It gives you a little summary. So at the end of the stream. I had it
It was the communication was happening. So slack was able to hit the API on the API side and get back the response
Now I'm just I'm triggering it differently. So I was it was kind of manual on the slack side
Now I'm gonna have it trigger off of like an emoji
Like if you put an emoji on the thread like a robot emoji or something. It'll send you a summary
That's the idea. So I'll go a little bit left and I'm making an icon because I'm a nerd
Situation a lot where you're like I'm looking at a giant thread of slack messages, and I need to know what's going on
I don't use slack
So now do not bonus for yourself at all so when I was in a slack workspace last
It was the biggest company I've ever worked for there's like a hundred and fifty devs something like that and
yeah, lots of channels that I did not keep up on and
It'd be nice. I think to be like hey, what's going on over there? What are they talking about?
I'm in a weird situation with slack where it was
So central to everything I did for so long that I
Put other stuff into slack as well like me and Liz
We only communicate through slack. We do everything through slack
Even me and my friends like my like the closest circle of friends like we primarily communicate through a shared slack group as all friends do
Yeah, well, it's just convenient because most I think about it this way, right?
There are certain apps on people's computers that are always gonna be there and always gonna be up
And for all my friends that was slack cuz like they had their work stuff on there
Alcoholics
All my friends I met you work too, so like yeah, so yeah, everyone just had it up
So I'm like I might as well put the social stuff in there too because then it's like not competing with the solar
Yeah, that makes sense, but but now my work is no longer in
Fragmented again where SST is on discord
Yes, and this is a huge pink is now it's have two
Chat apps up so kind of defeats the purpose of what I everything I just said. Yeah, you need texts.com. Sorry. Thanks
Yeah, okay, I don't know I don't I don't believe in that idea
I could talk about it some more, but you go ahead. Yeah, so now I have both slag and discord up
And now I'm like can I get everyone to like make one more move and just everyone's on this for now until like
The other issue that slack is just kind of getting
Good here. I'm actually very upset with slack to be honest. I'm upset that they let I mean they sold right
Yeah, it's a sales force and like it's obviously I'm like is there a dumber company in the world in Salesforce?
What does Salesforce even do like what do they do?
Does anyone know it's what they do it literally everything. Oh, really? Okay. Well, their app is again everything app
Is it when I was like they do everything so they do nothing kind of things? Yeah, exactly everything at all
Terribly, but the benefit is it does everything. Okay, sounds awful
I've never used it never had to I guess yeah, I'm upset with slack for
They just like lost gas. I feel like they did so well so fast and I think everyone
understandably was very satisfied with
The outcome their success like where they got to and it just never went anywhere after it
Like disc how do they let discord scoop up the whole open source world that makes no sense to me at all
It's actually the reason yeah, it's because of it. It's expensive right slack is just kind of prohibitively expensive for like an open source community
Yeah, we were paying a thousand dollars a month at one point for SST
And here's why it's actually a bad thing right because most of our customers use slack at work if
We were still on slack. It's a very convenient thing for them to also be in our SEC slack or for people like and I know
other open source companies do this where they have
For customers paying for like prior to support they get a dedicated slack shared
Black connect channel thing, which I think it was like a fantastic
Like experience and they just didn't care like we tried so much to be like hey
Like can you help us and clearly discord was like scooping up that whole?
Face and they just didn't fight back and they let it happen. They're like no, we're not gonna offer some kind of like
Cheaper tier for big communities. The community is not just open source. Are they a public company? They were they were a public company for a little bit
Or bought them like is it working out for them? Are they like are they not do that care about discord?
They're just competing with like Microsoft. Well, they're getting crushed there too because the Microsoft Teams, which is a genuinely terrible product
Their numbers are like insane, which is understandable because it's just like they just have this audience
That's huge. Yeah pays money and we'll just do the incremental thing that works with all the other other stuff
Which is just gonna be teams I saw when I was in New York
I actually saw the slack IPO like they could always decorate the stock market. Oh, yeah
The big flag outside and I remember seeing this like thing when they went public just interesting fact
Yeah, I might be making all that up, but that doesn't seem familiar like a real memory that I had. Yeah
I just that whole world like a
enterprise software just think about people who use Microsoft Teams like whoa
It's it's all just gonna come down right like
So all that stuff fake or no, I think it's the most real thing ever. Oh really? Okay. Yeah, I think it's the opposite
I think it's it's like all the medium small to medium-sized businesses that like you'd never hear about but that employees like most of the world
Yeah, they just are always gonna be on Microsoft because why would they ever do any kind of dramatic change?
Hmm, I guess so they're either gonna die or they're just never gonna change, you know
I've just been I've been so disconnected from that world my entire career and life
I've never worked in a place where it's like
I have an IT department and they dish out Microsoft licenses. Yeah, I don't know
Kind of bizarre so Liz is uncle's business. So he has this
fairly large health care business in Miami and I visited their like HQ and
I visited their IT team and it's just like it's all these people wearing
Like they're like they dressed up for work
They had like you know colored shirts and ties and all that and they're crammed in this tiny room just like
They like put desks all around the perimeter and everyone's like facing outward and like they're so crammed in there
and they have this like one giant screen monitoring like
they're like tiny little like co-located data center with like their servers and like all this stuff and
Yeah, I mean, they're you know, so running is all this stuff on premise. It's all Microsoft stuff
That just blows my mind and yeah, they'd like serve like hundreds of employees and like all their locations and and all the various software
They run they also they self-host everything. It's that's just nuts, right? Like that shouldn't exist. Am I
Am I wrong? Well, the tricky thing is so the reason I was there was her uncle was like, okay
Should we be moving to cloud like he just knew that he knew something was all about that
But he has wanted me to go look to see mm-hmm. Are they doing it right?
Like he just can't tell whether the whoever's running it is like scamming him with the stuff. They're saying you're not
Yeah, so I went and like I I audited everything and I was like
Yeah, if I was building this company from scratch today would look very different
but there's absolutely no reason why you should go and try to innovate here like you can maybe if you did it all right and you
Like moved everything which impossible you're not gonna do that
It's like in a fail and things are gonna go wrong like you would maybe save like 50 or 60%
Plus, it's like the avoid a distraction of like managing all those people
But I'm just like there's just probably a place for you to place those risks
Yeah, so they're gonna be on that forever saving 50 to 60% and not having to manage an entire IT department sounds like
Not insignificant
Yeah quality of life improvements, but just a business at that size
It's just like that's there's like another things that could be more impactful that are more like related to the business
It's just like a random like efficiency thing which yeah
Yeah, I just saw it like I look at it and it bothers me how yeah much better it could be but there's just
Rationality there's nothing to do
interesting
Feels like if I mean I guess like companies won't just move to cloud
They'll just eventually die because companies die like not exactly that reason. It's just like companies don't live forever
So I guess new companies are being built and those new companies are likely being built on cloud
But not really yeah, it's a lot. I'm just being built on it's so dumb
Why I don't understand it's not even the cloud versus I know some of the Microsoft thing like yeah
There are new companies being built, but they're just on like Microsoft cloud like it's not
Running office locally. It's like the hosted version of office and the hosted outlook and the hosted everything
they just have
Just destroyed that space and like nobody can
Wedge it away from that these people use like Google talks and Gmail. Yeah, I mean here's not a decision tree goes
Right. It's like I need all my employees need laptops. I'm not buying them all Mac with pros
Now you're then then after that part of this entry. You're now with Microsoft for everything. I gotcha
Yeah, I think like such a startup bro
Yeah, it's just like yeah, ultimately, there's cheap windows laptops. I'm just telling you on the stream
This is totally off job. Yeah at the end after I'd already left like I'd already rated teach
Yeah, somebody posted a first-time message and chat and they said
You're the guy who's stuck between PHP and JavaScript
Just like on a delay
When you were so convinced that you're gonna build something in Laravel and you just never did like I predicted oh man
I never did I sewed it like you predicted. I was just so distracted. I've got so much going on
Yeah, I know I totally would have built something player. Oh, you're gonna. So you're gonna keep claiming that. Okay. I guess technically
I'm not yeah, no, I'm so I'm not right until you die. I guess it's exactly
I'm gonna be like a hundred and
And you know, you still won't have built anything
Did you get the new iPhone? I think you said you're getting it for your wife Casey? Yeah, I got one for Casey
Have you tried like did you I feel like you did or something? I did I did yeah? Oh, no
I think I saw Theo mentioned something about log recording tell me more
Like just like a camera like a DSLR does log yeah that there's like a log mode now you get like this
Well, it's funny because people look at it and they're like wait, I thought it was supposed to look good
But you know you get that like completely flat like no saturation really washed out
Yeah, so it's kind of cool because now I'm like
Especially if we want to make more content as a team for SSD
I don't have to be like hey everyone go get these like expensive cameras that you're only gonna use for this one purpose
I think we can just be like okay. I want to upgrade your phone and
That's basically good enough
That we do so yeah, it's like it really feels like a pro ish type of device now
Which is pretty awesome like workflow. Yeah. Yeah, so yeah shoot the Nexus ST video on iPhones
Maybe you can make it on an Apple commercial or something
Well, I saw that people like famous directors have done that now where they shoot the whole thing on on iPhones Apple
Always has all those like images and videos during the launch events that are like shot from iPhone
Yeah, incredible. Yeah, I mean there's that but like the guy that made oceans 13 and all the ocean movies
Yeah, I love the ocean movies. Yeah. Yeah, so I think he he's like really committed to only shooting on iPhones now really
Like he shoots movies on iPhones. Yeah
Did they pay him to do this? I mean, he's a really successful director
So he can probably just do whatever he wants, but yeah high-flying bird
I never saw it, but child an iPhone 8. It's a movie like in the theaters
I don't know if it was as widely distributed as other stuff
But so how was your return to twitch? Did you enjoy streaming again? Are you gonna do it a lot more now?
Was it nice, but you're not really gonna do it again. It's about opportunities
I don't I don't know how many opportunities right now. I'll have to stream
Today I really needed to because I well
I just needed to make this thing
I needed to take a block of time and do this for Jason because I said I would do it
So that was kind of a forcing actually agreed at things. Why do you agree to do things?
I don't know Jason. I always regret it. I do every single time I ever say I'll do something
So I almost I have a local friend who's a teacher at a local school who asked me to do a presentation on
Computer science at a career day thing at his school
And I didn't text him back for like two weeks
Because it was just like painful cuz he's a good friend like we were like really close in college
I just I wanted to say yes because I also have this thing where like I really wish
Students especially in rural areas like this were learning about computer science more
Than they are like I it saved me from like a very
impoverished area anyway
So I have this like value and he's like a friend and it's like I feel like I should do it
It's like I'll have to make a slide presentation and all this stuff. So I text it back after two weeks. I'm like
Okay, yeah, I'll do it if you still need some basic
Yeah, I'll give you a call tomorrow and he called and someone had already taken the spot
Someone's already doing CS from the local college. Were you relieved?
So yeah, so relieved because it's like more now like I don't feel bad that I'm not doing it
I didn't say no just I couldn't do it. So this is kind of same thing. We're like
Well, they're very different, but Jason's just somebody I really look up to like he was one of the first dev content creators
I ever saw any of this stuff. So him asking me to do this was just kind of like wow
That's that's so cool
I want to do it because I don't want to say no and then they'll never think of me again. I don't know
So I said yes, but immediately you just start regretting and dreading the like action item
I have a deadline and like a date. I have to do a thing. Bye. Oh
Hey do on Monday. Yeah
Well, that's a whole week. Is it Monday today? No, it's Thursday. Oh my god
Have you been yeah, I have not been able to keep track of the weeks of the days at all. I have no kid went
Is it October? It's October. Yeah, I do I hate whenever like I got to go in person for something like a
Insurance form or something. I have to write the date or like on a check and it's like what the hey, it's it
Yeah, like 13th, and I'm thinking like I don't know
Know what I struggle with I struggle with the physical act of writing
I haven't like really written 10 years and it's just like my usual 10 years range my default number
Yeah, everything you did. Yeah, go ahead. I wasn't saying like my hands like shake and like hurts to write yes
And like my handwriting is non-existent anymore
Because it's like every other month that I have to write a physical check or something somebody does some work or something here
and it's like
There's just very few instances in the year that I have to write and I realize like that's yeah
It's been 10 15 years of that like I've just not really had to write much and our kid our oldest Asa
He hates writing like of all the subjects in school
He loves he enjoys doing some of us like math. He enjoys it. He just hates having to write out stuff
Like he would just sit there and do it with you like telling you the answers or if you could write for him
But he just hates physically writing and it's hard to be like you got to learn to write because I just don't write
And I wonder if I just be teaching him to type and like forget this stupid
I don't know writing with your dumb hands
There's something about the act of writing that helps with the learning of the thing
I don't know is there could typing did the same thing? I think maybe but I'm gonna think about math
I'm like I I see how that's like a tool to like understand what's happening kind of
Like even something like more complex math in my head. I like sometimes visualize what I would have written
I mean he ends up writing it like we he does have to just write yeah
It's the thing. It's the thing. He likes the least out of all of school
Like especially having to write out words lots of them like he reads like a book a day
The kid has read
Hundreds maybe thousands of books at this point way more books that I've ever read
He's just constantly reading but hate writing and I don't know how much I can fall from for it
Just feels like a useless skill. Maybe it just doesn't matter because to be honest if I couldn't write
I mean at this point I like can't write and it just doesn't really affect my life besides filling out
Random DMV or yeah, right we had to learn that cursive. That was totally yeah
I mean I was just thinking about that how we had to like trace the thing and I still kind of know the paper that like
How like divide into three horizontal lines and all that
Completely a waste of time. We spent so much time doing that
I mean you realize most of school once you get older like there's mostly just daycare like you were just being
Kept somewhere so your parents could enjoy their lives. Well, not really
The european mind cannot comprehend
Yeah, it's uh, yeah, this is dake. I mean it's yeah, it sucks
I try to think about it because it like it could actually make me angry because I'm like
That was my whole childhood. It was like yeah
How much of our childhood was fit in my childhood was busy work and I knew at the time too
I knew at the time it didn't make any sense and I was annoyed and frustrated by it
But yeah too late for us too late for us, but maybe not for the next generation
Well, I mean your kids don't probably don't waste that much time. No, I mean homeschool is awesome
But you'd like to think that it could get that way
No for public schools. Sorry. That was a weird noise to make out a podcast
Do kids know what they're gonna do when they grow up? No, well, I mean ace
I take that back ace that says he wants to be a lego master builder a lego master builder. What does that mean like uh
Builds legos all day. I guess is that a career is that a job? Uh, there are I mean there are people who if you ask them what their job is
They're a lego master builder like they work for lego and they build
Things like there's a lego land in kids a city and there's lego
Master builders that work there and they just build stuff in the shop for like the exhibits and all that
Yeah, that's even more structured than I was imagining
I thought this was like the content creator route where you like make youtube videos and have a twitch channel. Oh, no
No, it's mostly people who I think they all work for lego. It's the people who design the sets like they come up with
Actual new sets and stuff like that. Those are master builders. Oh, it's literally like what's in the movie there could they call the master builder?
Yeah, yeah, uh-huh. That's right. Yeah, are there lego influencers? Like are they like, uh, there's youtube channels
Like there's someone making like a million dollars a year just being a lego influencer. There must be right
I'm probably yeah. I mean, there's a lot of people in the lego. So
Yeah, I feel like the audience is big enough. I mean, I feel like he's almost old enough to
I mean, he's been consistent. He's yeah, he's always said that's what he wants to do. I mean, that's the only thing he's ever said
And then archer he didn't I mean, he's not the age where
He would think about it would be funny if he would read it to something already
What would he I'm trying to think what he would say
Archer he could cut if he could grasp. Yeah, he could grasp the idea of like working
I mean, he knows that I come down here and work
So
Yeah, what would he say he wants to do for work? It would be something so goofy
He'd probably be bathroom humor
Yeah, when I was little uh, it's funny when you're little you just don't think about things until someone asks you so I
Remember my parents my parents asked me like
I was saying something about my dad being on his laptop or something and they were like
Oh, like he's working and
I said something like oh, yeah, like he goes in his laptop and he plays games
Every day. Like that's
A laptop before that was what he meant was doing when he was working
But the nuance here is
I wasn't going around life thinking. That's what my dad did
I just had literally never thought about it till they asked me in that moment
And I was forced to come up with an answer and I was like this makes sense. Yeah, he put it together
But from my parents point of view they they like still think that that's like what I was thinking this whole time
But it's like no, I just wasn't thinking anything at all
Yeah
Yeah, you don't why would you again? That's that's what they say about kids
like they're basically like on hallucinogenics like what that like if an adult
human
Does like psilocybin like mushrooms
They're like it turns off your default brain or whatever they call it the default center
That like thinks about the future in the past and like worries about the future and has anxiety about the past all this stuff regret
But like kids only live in the current moment. They don't have I don't remember what age they can start
Living outside the current moment, but that's what happens to us on like these crazy psychedelics
And for kids who just always always walk around on mushrooms. Yeah, that's what we always say
That's nice. They're just on mushrooms all the time. Yeah, I think about it as my dog where he has no idea what each day
He's gonna be because I plan it
And more specifically I'm like, okay
Sometimes we take him on a hike and he's like exerting himself because he's like I'm gonna run this way
I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do that. He has no idea. This is like a three-day hike. He has no idea how long this is
He's not like conserving energy. He's not like
He's like there's no sense of that at all and I keep thinking about that
I'm like it's so insane to live in that way where you just have absolutely no idea what's gonna happen like five minutes
In five minutes. It's so true. Wow. Yeah, it might be kind of fun
But not really because he just he just gets too tired and if the time is too long and he's just like kind of miserable for the last
30 percent of it, but there's absolutely no way for him to know
There's also no way for me to communicate being like hey chill like this is gonna take
You know a while. Yeah, yeah
Yourself. Yeah pace yourself. Exactly. I really want to the hiking thing
like I love hiking clothes and hiking shoes and
I love pictures of places where you would go hiking
I really want our family to like go on vacations. Wait, hang on
You didn't you described everything except for the actual hiking. Do you not like the actual hiking?
I'm not done it. I mean, I'm not really hiked
I just like all the things about hiking, but I don't think with kids. I just don't know if they're old enough
I think I would just be carrying one of them the entire way
I don't think they could walk for like 20 minutes without getting bored
Hiking is like I wouldn't say I'm like a big hiker
But I've done a lot because in in New York
If you live in Manhattan one of the nicest easiest things to do if you want to do like an outdoorsy thing
City is to go like take a train like an hour north and it drops you off at like this very classic
Pretty nice hiking spot. It's like we usually did like a three-hour hike and the peak of it
Like if this crate you get super high gets like crazy nice view of like the huts in and the rolling mountains
All that it's super beautiful. Yeah, we would see all kinds of people on that hike
We would see like that was like working out every day where they would just literally sprint up the mountain
insane like the most insane shape people you'll ever see. Oh, yeah, then sometimes like families with kids and
I think it's just I think it's the habit thing
I think you will end up carrying them till they like understand how long it is and like know what to expect
but but there's also like almost every hiking trail has
Different versions of it so you can do like a really conservative one or you can do one that takes longer or more challenging
Um, so I'm sure they're especially by you like I'm surprised you haven't really done it because there's no
They're I mean, there's like a nature center that we go for walks on
I guess you could call them hikes there's through the woods, but it's it's not like mountainous or I mean
There's like rolling hills, but it's not like I wouldn't call it like a hike
We should go for a walk. Let's have the same thing because she grew up in florida and she was like oh, yeah
Like I've done hikes before then she he came to like the northeast and she was like did not know
Oh, that's different. It's actually a thing where you exert yourself. She's like oh, I'm kind of like walking around in nature
This is like a hike much much different. I guess I've recently like like Tahoe
I went for some hikes up the mountain and
That that was really enjoyable. I couldn't imagine. Yeah, I couldn't imagine the kids though doing those
I don't think we did any yeah, there's like but like there's that app
What's the app? I like trails some kind of trails all trails or something like that. Yeah, and they're all rated
Like very and like there's like reviews and there's like pictures and it's like family friendly ones
Yeah, I know what to expect
Uh, the the one that I did that I liked the most actually actually did it twice
uh was in portland
there is uh
An area called canon beach and there's this hike and at the top of the hike
You get this insane view of just like the ocean but even in the pacific northeast. It's like
It's like uh, it's like a moody ocean. It's like really flat lots of fog like
There's these like dark forest trees like coming down right up to it
Uh, and it looks amazing. You know, it's super nice. Uh, that's a really great one too
I think I would love the pacific northwest. I've been to like I think I've been to Seattle
Maybe that's it. Uh, I just I love that kind of weather like
Damp coat kind of cool. Like I prefer you think you'd like it all the time. I think so
That just the other day. It was like it's like 45 in the morning here right now
And just going out in it like going for a walk. I was telling kasey like I think I'd like it to be like this all the time
Like I could do without the summer like it's not rainy though. It's quite different. No, yeah, it's true
Yeah, I guess if it's raining and cold that's that's not so great when I went to Seattle
Everyone that we were when we were there everyone that we ran into was like, oh, you're here for like the one good week of weather
Per year and it was amazing. It was like kind of what you're describing
But like not annoying and you know, this one was shining and everything
Um, and the outdoor stuff they have there is like so crazy like Mount Rainier and all that all that stuff
Uh, but the issue is it really I really do not like it
Most of the year from what I've seen it's like really dark and gloomy. Oh, yeah, I guess I wouldn't like that
Well
The the thing I like about dark gloomy rainy days is I don't feel guilty that I didn't go outside
Like I take my vitamin D gummies
And I just enjoy the indoors with no guilt, but when it's really sunny and nice like a beautiful day. It's like, okay
I guess we can go outside whatever. Wow
Okay, but would you still feel that if that was every day?
I think so. I like my rainy days too. Like I love rainy days being inside. Like that just feels so cozy and like feels so nice
Um, yeah, but only in contrast with the other days to me. I don't know I
I could probably just be indoors all the time and be fine with it. That's probably awful
And it's bad for you and all that but
I don't know. I really like it inside. Have you tried inside? It's nice
Yeah, I was at that New York too. Like I wouldn't leave my apartment for like a week straight and I never thought I was insane
But yeah, well if I lived in New York, I would yeah, I would never leave
I've never got
Well, I don't know. I mean a lot of people live in Seattle a lot if you live in the Pacific Northwest and they love it
I mean poreland's not
That bern's a lot like Seattle like it's not as rainy. Yeah, no
Yeah, those places are like crazy beautiful like it's insane. The west coast just has
Just has that dominated like beautiful
Nature northern california. Yeah, uh, we should probably like I don't know
Is there something going on on like the tech front? Do you want to talk about something?
It seems so passionate about tech lately
Actually, I'm loving like programming again. So there's that I just I kind of saw you today
Oh, ouch
Listen
Everyone makes fun of me. I love it so much fun. I was gonna say that did you miss that?
No, I'd be I've been programmed pretty hard for like months
I just don't do it in front of people anymore
Program I love programming. I don't I just have fallen out of love with the
The community aspect. I mean, it's not the people. It's just like the like wanting to talk about it ever
I think I'm just born out from like talking about tech. Mm-hmm. Oh, I'm definitely I'm making a like a non tech
Instagram and I'm so excited about this because I'm not dev I heard about it. Yeah. Yeah, adam not dev. Yeah, yeah, it's instagram
That's good. You can come follow me. There's no post yet. That's good
So the thing is I was talking to kc about like what kind of stuff I'll do on this adam not dev because it's just gonna be like
Lifestyle like I don't know everything that's not my work. Yeah, and
I learned from her that it's not like tech
And you don't have to like convince people of anything like posting stuff on instagram is just gonna be like it's not like
Here's why you should understand this and believe me. It's just like
Sharing stuff sounds so nice because I feel like tech everything with tech is like you have to convince people
of a thing
And this is just like I don't know here's what I did today
I'm awesome. You're very naive. Oh, really, but it's worse. It's a get worse
No, it just look every every platform has its thing and instagram's thing is it's like a visual medium
Yeah, and some people's life just looks really visually amazing. And that's kind of like what you maximize
Yeah, that's that's kind of what I'm going for. I feel like I've got a kind of aesthetic life
You know, I feel like I've got a lot in life. Do you have one? Listen?
I'm not saying I'm a static. I'm saying like with that black shirt you wear every day
Okay, so not fashion. I didn't say fashion
That's a good part of it. That's like 50 percent. Oh, really?
You're gonna have yourself in there. I guess sometimes yeah, but it's more like
I don't know the vibe of my home and
My lifestyle. We'll see. I don't know talking about it. It just feels dumb
I should probably post it. What is a visual medium? So you you just got a show
Yeah, just show just wait on a show
The one tech related thing that I was refreshing myself on was the concept of a hackintosh
Did you ever do this a hackintosh is like a Mac that you've actually like
Made changes too close. It's when you install Mac OS on not oh
Wait
Oh, I'm thinking of installing windows on Mac. There's a lot of combinations of this. Yeah, okay
So I used to do this when I was younger because I
Still wanted to have a windows pc for gaming, but I like like using Mac OS. Yeah, I was younger and a fool
a fool didn't just get
And I haven't done in a while another day
I was like, you know what like I think some of like the content creation stuff is like better on Mac like yeah
I want to try some of that stuff
So I was considering doing that again to my computer
And it's it's like so mature like the whole community like there
It like is very easy to do there's like tons of guides and like they've kind of solved all all little problems and all little details
Uh, so it is fairly simple to install at least today
the latest Mac OS on your pc and use like reboot into it when you want to use it
uh, but
There's like a big thing that's gonna end this all which is
the fact that uh apple doesn't
Is they sold their last mac pro that uses intel
Here we go. Yeah
Yeah, so there's like very little reason for them long-term to continue maintaining a
Works on like x86
Uh-huh fault arm now. Yeah, so I'm like, oh, what's the point of getting like?
I'm sure they're gonna support that mac pro for like another five years or so. So it's not like it's dying tomorrow. Yeah
right, I'm like
In my head as soon as I know that something isn't like
Gonna be around them just like there's no point in here. Yeah doing it. So kind of disappointing
It's kind of like the last sucks. Yeah, it's gonna end up in era
It's been around for like end of an era long
People have been doing this but what so the benefits are
You can do the thing you like to do which is like upgrade individual pieces of hardware and all that
It's not really that as much as it is like I just uh, I like working in linux
I don't think I can see myself maybe accepting working in mac
There's like a lot that would get worse for me though
Um, but then it's also the like I do game a decent amount. So I'm still need like
Oh, yeah game. Yeah, what's that like to game?
These days, I mean less and less as time goes on, but it is like a nice nice thing
It's a very social thing for me, right? It's always yeah me with my friends
Um, so it's like the way that I keep keeping touch if I wasn't such an addictive
Person I would still do game. I think you need to learn to you need to learn how to trust yourself again
I don't it's not it's not me. It's my case. He's got to learn to trust me
But do you trust you that's where i'm obsessed? Uh, no, I don't see there. You know, that's just so obsessive
It's really interesting like
Had I think in the early 2000s had like e sports and gaming as a profession
Been more of a thing. I probably would have ended up going down that route because it was just the thing I was addicted to
I think I just I got addicted to a more socially acceptable thing, which is my work
Shortly thereafter because no one around me wanted me to play games because I was addicted
But like it's no different. I'm just addicted to my work now. It's like everyone's like that's okay
You can do that one. It's not not the game thing. It's interesting
Could have been addicted to a lot of things this kind of thing exists everywhere where like reading a book
Isn't matter if it's like a pure fantasy fiction book seems more acceptable than like spending an equivalent amount of time watching
Movies. Yeah, just the exact same thing. Yeah, it's the same thing
The same thing your brain, right? You know, yeah, so how the act of reading is more accessible
But yeah, no, I mean the video game thing
I just I
I obviously your wife knows you better, but I just have a hard time imagining how you would fit a new addiction into your life
like it just
It's just hard for me to see that happening, you know, especially bidet
Jiu Jitsu, no, I know but the thing with you jitsu is there's like natural things that make it difficult like you
That's true. Do it my body. Yeah, exactly and you have to go to a place and meet with other people to do it
Also true. Yeah, that's the big thing with video games of like the reason I'm not playing them all day is there's a very rare
alignment of all my friends having like a one or two hour slot open. Yeah, I hear you but like
also
the problem like when I was addicted to video games in college was
It's not that I made time for it. It's that it took over
all of my time and I
Everything sacrificed because of it relationships
School
Just everything so it just kind of like fills the container, you know, like no no. Yeah, so liquid. I get it
Yeah, but I do think like it was specific games. I don't think like if I were playing call of duty with you
I don't think I would get addicted to although I did have some call of duty for addiction
Okay, nevermind. This is all is it. Oh, it was also it was also like the MMOs. I guess you were saying those were the ones that I really
Yeah, I mean those are like fine tuned for that type of thing. Yeah, right. Yeah. Also, we're just like me
My friends just aren't very good. So like there's no reason to be addicted. So it's like
Then we just spend more time losing. It just doesn't
Doesn't really make sense
Yeah, I will say among us but Casey was good with me trying among us and that was a good time
I was ready to be addicted, but I couldn't get it made to play with me
so
but that's what I'm talking about right like
Even if you're even if you just were trying to get into that addiction zone like the practicality of it just made it's true
Not happened. So yeah, yeah, there are like guardrails in a way
So what about your kids like are they ever gonna try video games? Are they interested? I don't know
Yeah, I think about this case and I remember us talking about it like I used to have an Xbox one
I think that's the one it was and then we had a said it was like are we gonna have a game console in the house?
Is this a thing that the kids are gonna be aware of that they're gonna know dad goes in the
theater and plays Xbox and
We sold it. We got I mean we gave it away. I don't know what we did but it was kind of that conversation of like
I I know how it what it did for me or just how much time I spent doing it
and
It's back to the whole it's the whole thing with the socially acceptable. What's acceptable use of your time?
And for some reason there's still like taboo in my mind around that but
I think a normal amount of doing it or anything is fine. It's just
Uh, I do not do normal amounts of things
Only throw myself into things, but it's kind of unfair to think that they would be like that
I I guess they should have a shot at like
Anything mistakes. There's already. Yeah, there's already things that
They have a hard time stopping once they start
And it just brings out behaviors that aren't ideal. So yeah, I guess should be treated like any of those things interesting
Yeah, I think I think for me
It's always like a very social thing like how to people will be coming over my house and we play together or like
Like I said for me and my friends like we all live in different cities and it's
We like catch up over
Playing like we're playing but the playing is like kind of in the background to our conversations a lot of times
Yeah, it's a social. Yeah, I hope it does never just fully goes away. I see like it's
It's dropped a lot like we used to play a lot more and it's kind of sad because like
We're like less connected because of that. Is it is it like one person is like the ball neck
Yeah, that just like can't get on and so
Okay. Well, the way it happened is so there was like consistently four or five of us
Uh, and then one of them had kids and that like made it more difficult
and then now
The rest of us I don't even know what's going on everyone like just kind of just moved
So they're like lives are in flux
uh, I actually think what it is is uh
It's the summer and i'm like the moment it gets cold
All these people are going to be stuck inside and they're going to be like, please can we play?
Please can we play on so board?
Which right now they're like, oh, i'm doing this thing or i'm doing this other thing and i'm the one that's trying to like rally everyone together but
Uh
Yeah, it just hasn't happened as much. Mm. But yeah, I mean as people get older and like they get more
More stuff in their life like i'm sure this will diminish but it's kind of happening now. So
You're growing up your friends
Growing apart. I know not that you're growing not that you have to grow up to not play games. I'm sorry
I'm stuck in the like early 2000s tablet or boomer
I am. That's what it is
Yeah, so i gotta make new friends replace them and also
That they ever existed. Can you just play can you just like go on and play with anybody random people?
Is that not good but like that that doesn't have much appeal to me really?
Because it's not social. Yeah, sometimes i play by myself. I guess I never played the games for social reasons
I played games for my own mastery of the game
I have a problem feed your demon. Uh-huh. Have you noticed that i'm like looking at my other screen this whole episode?
I'm trying to try to design a logo. I'm trying to design a slack icon. Oh, is this is this for your yeah for the slack thing
For the thing that you didn't want to do
The reason I don't want to do things and the reason I regret saying yes to things is I always throw myself into something
Like I can't just like do an okay job. I have to like
Like obsess over every little detail and it's just stupid. Is it gonna hurt when someone else's slack app is better than yours?
I'm sure I mean i'm sure there's our good. I've seen it. Is it good? It hurts? I'm saying. Yeah, it already hurts. I'm just thinking about it
It's not a competition. It's just showing people is it different ways i'm thinking. I mean, I want to be the best
But yeah, there you go. It's competition. It's not it's not that everyone has agreed to competition
Is it a competition in your head and the answer is always yes, everything is always a competition in my head
But not in like the competitive. I want you to lose way just in the like I want to do the best possible job
You don't want them to lose you just want to win
Well, no, that sounds no
I just want to do a really good job. Excellent. It's very important to me
That's what this yeah, it's funny. I this I went back and forth with uh lee rob from vercell
on this on twitter and it kind of frustrated me because I was like
the point I was making was
that
The I call it like pr talk where like a lot of these companies speak in a way where like everything's positive and they're doing is like
Can only be good and like you know, it's all spun as positive way
But we all work at companies that are competing and it is like there's a whole other dimension to it where
Yes, overall, it's not a zero sum situation
But in the short term there are winners and losers and people that have the default and people that don't have the fault they're struggling
um
And that I was like it's totally okay to recognize that and not pretend that doesn't exist
And I kept going back and forth lee rob and him just finding different ways to like
Say that no, it's not that or like know that I don't view it that way or I don't see it that way and to me
it just like a denial of
Reality which makes it sound kind of fake to me
um
like we all work at companies like we're all in our
Private chats like talking shit about be like like why are we pretending like this isn't a thing like we all do it
But then it public it's like we only want what's best for everyone and it's a matter who wins as long as the end user
Wends like furthering the whole space. Yeah, it's like well. No, you were trying to be
We're all trying to further the space but with our vision being that yeah, it wouldn't be happy if someone else is
Someone else furthered it with their thing and we're not the default. Yeah, I think it's okay to acknowledge
It's okay to say that yeah, say it out loud. It's an ancient thing
I I like that about you and it's refreshing that you do just sort of like
Acknowledge the bad things to the parts of us. I think what I'm saying is it's arbitrary that we view it as as bad
It's just kind of is a thing like it's the idea of competition existed since we were like single-cell
Organisms like it's just a thing and it's like a fun exciting thing with that
I think a lot of us like and it's okay to say that we want to win
You know yep, I want to win. There you go kind of
I don't know. I don't know. I see the face you're making looking at that logo. I'm like, I don't know if you want to win
Okay, I need to see the logo and also are you just talking to mid-journey? Like what are you doing?
Oh, I'm I'm in figma. I'm just playing with concepts
Then why aren't you talking to mid-journey?
Because it's 23. I could just make this a mid-journey
Wait, what would you how would you prompt mid-journey to make in a while?
But like you can actually google this you can like people put up like
Ways to get certain things and like obviously icons
Are like a classic thing. Yeah, I'm working on it here
Man, I'm so bad at this. I have not really a billion app that uses AI. How'd you not think about this?
Mid-journey prompt for making a slack icon. Well, I don't have a slack icon
But what do you guys like? I just like an app icon, right? Yeah. Okay. Yeah app icon. If you're cool
uh, wow
20 plus mid-journey prompts to create eye-catching ui icons. Oh, man humanity's done
We don't have any chance
These look so good because you didn't think about this. That's true. Yeah, I'm just not keeping up at all
How do you use mid-journey again? Do I have to like get on discord?
Yeah, I have a paid mid-journey thing. I just don't think I gotta unsubscribe because I've been used it for a while
Yeah, I never use it. I need to unsubscribe too. I have to pay to read this article. Are you kidding me?
Is it medium? It's medium. Why do people keep posting on medium? I don't understand like
Stuff just doesn't get seen because it gets paid well
I don't even understand that whole model like you publish for medium and then medium makes money
I guess. I don't know. Do they share it with you? I mean get an essay month
Higher people still use a medium. It just is so frustrating. So much stuff gets paid well
So
Okay, well if you could find me a free a free article
That'd be cool. I mean, I'm sure you can just tell it
Icon black background. Oh, man. Uh, here we go. Here we go
Uh, okay. Now I just gotta get on discord. I tell you I can't open my discord app
I've had so much friction lately just like do basic things
The discord app on my Mac just doesn't open. I've got to read download it
I got everything on matt matt just works stop it. I see what you're doing
I see what you're doing. I'm just ask this is a genuine question that I just asked
Uh-huh. It's not a Linux uh propaganda piece. No, I didn't mention anything about Linux
I'm not saying everything just works on the next if you could see the number of
Unread messages in my discord
It's intense you try to tell me that you're popular
No, I'm trying to tell you that I don't want to read messages people sent me for some reason
And that like a lot of people are sending you messages because you're popular
No, it's over the course of months and months and months
Okay, general one. Is that the channel I should do this in?
That's in general. You're so busy. You don't have time to respond and people for months and months and months
No, I'm not so busy. I just get excited or in person over messages
And if I read it then I have to respond. Yeah, okay. You know what I am. I'm flexing
I'm just so popular. I have so many messages
Don't forget that you're so busy. They don't have time to answer them
I've so I'm so busy no time to answer them slackbot app icon minimal pastel colors bright
Hmm. How would you name this? Uh, let's just try that
I don't like the discord bot thing like I just don't like this as a model. I don't why didn't a journey do this
I guess it's good because everybody can see
What why do you know? I think it was like I think it's smart in terms of an mvp thing. They have to build like a whole
Thing and discord is like such a good social growth thing
So I get why it made sense, but I do wish at this point now they're huge. They have like
Another way to do it. It's just a it's a tough experience
Like I just hit enter and now I can't find my message because there's tons of messages. You can DM the bot
Oh, you can DM the bot. Yeah, are you kidding me?
You this whole time. That's that's the only way I've ever used it. I've only ever
I'm posting and it only settings you can change. It's all it's all public
It's so gets posted publicly. So don't generate any any weird. Yeah, I wasn't going to
I don't know. I'm just wanting you
But their site is actually very good. How do you delete? How do you delete? Is there a way to delete?
You can't DM the bot. I just tried I I've I've only ever used it by DMing the bot
What bot mid journey bot mid journey bot? Yes. No, you can't do that. So you do that
He tells you you do slash imagine and you do the blah blah blah
Uh, oh you sure can do their site is very good where it's like a pretty nicely designed site
That just shows you like the most popular images. It's kind of like an image sharing like reddit type of situation
And you can see like a website too. Yeah. Yeah, if you log in
Uh on their website
You can see kind of what prompts anything that you see that looks cool. You can like see the prompt that
was gen that generated it. That's a good way to learn
Mm
Yeah
Okay, can can mid journey do text
No
But the new dolly can
Oh really?
Can I can I use that or is it
You don't have access. I don't have access either
Well, oh man, I forgot to tell you so
Yesterday I did that thing where I uploaded my picture myself to chat gbt and I was like this is a fictional character
right their personality traits based off of the image
And
It generated 10 personality traits
And I showed it to liz and liz like with like i'm having a panic attack because I think we're in a video game because it's like way too accurate
Oh no
I'm so accurate. Can you sit it doing? Yeah, I will. I want to see the picture too. I will send it all
Uh, so yeah, it can really infer who you are just from looking at you. This is uh, this is pretty incredible the mid journey saying
Like these are really cool looking. Are they better than whatever you were messing with? Oh by uh
zillion
Is that a number by infinity as my little one says
He really he really last time's the word infinity real quick. I love infinity. I didn't they love it. I can't even
Wrap my head around it and they're just like throwing it around and you're like well
I
Yeah, they're like you suck in there like you suck infinity and you're like you suck infinity plus one
And you're like you're a fool you suck infinity plus two got him got him
plus two
Try and try that exact same thing if you haven't
They're they'll go crazy. Okay. Yeah, the plus one. I think they already do that, but i'll try it again
Uh, slap act a slack app icon minimal pastel colors bright with speech bubble. Are you gonna fill in the text?
I would like to that's the goal. What are you gonna put in the text tldr? It's the name of the bot
Yeah, it's called tldr. I don't know. Is that copyright? Does anyone have copyright on tldr?
I'm thinking copyright that okay. That's good
So you're saying I could make an app called tvh
And they couldn't hear me about yeah, that was actually an app right. Yeah, but yeah, but he does
Yes, so if I do that, nobody can stop me. I don't know because you can't copyright tvh
It's what dax just I didn't say you can't copyright tvh
Well, you basically said that you can copyright it in its kind in a context in a context you can say for like
A social media app that does as well as we have the copyright on it. Okay
It's making it's making little robots and all the icons and I don't love that
Tilton say say no robots and all caps, you know, you know, sometimes that I do which had gbt
Uh, this might come back to bite me, but
Sometimes it doesn't do what I wanted to do that just keeps refusing and then I threaten it and then it works
What oftentimes it works?
Sometimes I'm like I will freaking kill you if you
If you don't do this
It works other times that I like trick it like this thing I did with the
They like detected that people were doing this thing where I upload in their images and generating and like they don't like it
They don't want people doing that so they yeah
Uh, they added blocks and I tried to do it yesterday at first. It didn't work
I tried threatening it. It didn't work
But then you know what got around it. I uploaded the picture and I was like
Give me five things that you're able to do based off this picture and then number three was I can generate a bunch of personality traits
And I was like, oh, that's a great idea. Why don't you why don't you run with that idea?
Number three and then it did it. It did it. It was completely fine. It got around
Humans have no hope of like I love training this thing. You know, that's what I'm saying. I love how
It's this non-deterministic black box things you can't like put these deterministic rules on it
So they much just had like these
Really fancy system prompts somewhere that's like trying to block all these situations, but
Yeah, you can't deterministically block it and I just love it. It's so funny
It's so hilarious. I think blocking it is stupid on the first place. Yeah, it's fine. That's also ineffective
This stuff's really it's wild. What a time to be alive, but we're yeah, we're here
I mean we got to see the internet
Come of age now. We're getting to see this stuff
Really feels like we got to see you stream. We got to see my
appearance on twitch
I mean it really does kind of feel like
You struck like the humanity gold mine. Just imagine I've said this before but imagine if you're born like 200 years ago
What would you be doing tax?
Maybe everyone feels that way trying to stay alive 200 years ago if I mean if I was born
Literally like if I was my ancestor, I would be farming. I told you this. I would just be farming
Yeah, so like what was that like compared to this life?
Maybe not as good. Not as good. Okay. I would have way less decisions to make which can be nice in some ways. Yeah
Yeah, we just fill the time so easily now
I've always got something going on some project around the house something we're doing
We should probably get off here. Uh, it's this point. I'm just reading out my my mid journey problems
Use one of them as like the cover for this this episode. Oh, that's a good idea
One of these little robot pastel robots for this thing that I agreed to and didn't
And ended up regretting but and I hope Jason doesn't hear that
I'm so glad i'm doing it because it just pushed me out of my comfort zone like in the end i'll be happy
I did it. It says you say i'm so glad i'm doing it. What the that was just a complete lie
No, it's i'm almost done. I've been dreading it for like two weeks
Oh, you're glad that now. Okay. Now. Yeah, it's like this morning when I got in the 39 degree cold plunge
Do you understand how cold?
Circulating 39 degree water is
Well, you like start making noises. I started making lots of noises
And I got to pull up the camera feed because now I got to watch it from a third perspective third person view
Then I heard you even say and he might have been joking
But i heard him say something about like
Jumping in 30 degree water, which would be below freezing, which would be really cold
I can stop your heart
And now i'm terrified i'm like 30 not well that's not very many more degrees
Uh, like at what point does your heart have like a memory?
Do you need to be pushing it like I don't know maybe I need to slow
I need to like go in a little like slower like transition like why do you need to get that cold?
It's it's like there's all kinds of benefits to the cold therapy
Have you have you seen the studies? I know you don't believe in studies. You don't believe in science. You don't look too healthy right now
Well, the sun it's the sun washing me out right
Plus like the black guys. Oh, yeah, that didn't
Uh, no cold therapy is good for it. It's like anything that makes your body you have to work harder
I don't know. That's good. My goal is to outlive you and then laugh and then laugh
Yeah, it's your one goal that you're funeral you get that one laugh in general and we're like he was wrong about everything
Oh my heart will stop. Oh, yeah, right. Yeah. Well, the thing the reason I asked you were making a bunch of noises is uh
Like when I would play sports, I remember there was one time where
Like I got hit almost elbow went full force like into that perfect spot. Oh
Like this whole reflexes or whatever
And it winded me so hard like doubled over and my there's stuff. The noises were coming out of my mouth
And again, it's like after a couple minutes like or even it's like one minute. I was fine
But in that moment you're just in this like weird involuntary state where you're just like
Yeah, it's probably similar. Yeah, I because I tonight or this morning
I actually dip my whole head under because there's some kind of like mammalian diving reflex that it's good for your face
if you stick your face in the cold water first it like
activate your parasympathetic system and makes you calm down or whatever anyway
Uh the first time I did not put my head under this time I went completely under and came up
And the just like the gasping it was a little scary
Like I started thinking about the heart rate thing or the heart stopping thing
It's it's a it's an incredible. It's not like the pins and needles pain. It's like
It's some kind of you're outside your brain. It's not your normal conscious mind like
I just felt like a dying animal and I had to get out of that tank
Is that bad?
So I gotta zoom me out and like imagining
You doing this in just like the middle of the Ozarks randomly just out there like
That's like really hilarious to me. Yeah
You're like it's inflicting this on yourself and just like I know nowhere. Yeah, it's true
Did like people 200 years ago if they could see us
Like one of these people they're so bored. They're just jumping in ice water
What's going on?
Yeah, I'm not doing that for the record. It's it's just you. I don't think I'm shaming my ancestors the way you are
No, yeah. Yeah, definitely not shaming them in the way that I am
I'm shameful
Okay, if you want to if you want to send me a good icon, I could move on and get something else done today
I agree. Why this idea? I thought you were talking to mid-journey
Well, yeah, I'm doing a bad job. And I feel like you have a lot of experience
You seem very confident with the mid-journey thing
So if you want to just like whip something up, I don't know if I have experience
I have only ever used mid-journey for humor where I would generate stuff like that was funny and it sounds funny
Did it actually do a good job?
Let me just I have my history here right here. Oh, okay
Oh, actually the last image I generated was like this pixel art
I was trying to do like a bunch of pixel art stuff
Like those like a you always referenced earth bound. Yep. Yeah, it's like that kind of style
It does that really really well. Yeah, I have a dream of making a game
With AI being the the main artist
I really want a video game where it's like a very sophisticated social world
That's like a lot of characters with a bunch of different lms. We talked about this. It's we're gonna do it someday
That's when we retire. We're gonna be making some game
If people still play games. I don't know. Okay. I have some really weird stuff in my mid-journey history
I was trying to mess with Liz's dad who likes trump, but hates castro
Obviously because he's Cuban. Mm-hmm. And I try I was like generating pictures of them like hugging
Funny
And you know what they're pretty good pretty convincing image
I did this one where trump is embracing him and kissing him on the cheek. Wow, which
It's it's so tender. It's so like
Carrying and tender
All love and sensitivity there
Uh, it's funny. I have a picture I generate some pictures of zuko
Wielding two guns. I don't know why I was doing that. I feel like I've seen a picture of zuko with guns
I think you've published on Twitter. That was a different one. Yeah, okay
This one is
I've done this a lot. I did a humanoid Doberman shooting guns in the air
I don't know why I don't know why I did that but it is there you go
That's a lot it's a lot to take in hyper realistic photograph of a comically fat sheep
I don't know why
Did it work
Is it good? Yeah, wow. Yeah, it looks pretty good
Morgan Freeman as a Sith Lord being defeated by hobby or bardam as a jedi
I don't know. I don't know who that second person is. I think it's a new movie. Yeah, no kidding
You're a pretty famous Latin actor
All right. I got some like pastel backgrounds. I can work with these
I'm gonna like I want to put these
On my figma and I'm gonna drop the word tldr on it and see how it goes
Thank you for the tip
Hopefully it works out because I just I saw your face trying to make whatever you were doing
It's in my
This is multitasking right here
I'm just like scrolling these I did so at some point
I'm trying to generate images of people that look like me and it randomly threw in like a crazy neck to like head tattoo
Which looks so good that anytime I see it. I'm just like
Oh man, should I like do that?
It looks like really badass like it. Oh, it looks good
I don't know. I don't even know how I would describe this or like replicate it, but
I gave if you asked me like oh, would you get like a neck tattoo? I'd be like hell no
But then this picture but now seeing this doing it for you
Have you run it by uh liz before you actually she saw it and she's like she's like oh man
That does look really cool. Okay
I think you're you're in the clear. Let's let's see it. I think it happened. Oh man. I don't think I'm brave enough, but
Man's shoving lasagna into a toaster made for bread HD 4k. What are you doing? What what are you doing with mid-journey?
I feel like someone needs to explain this to me
I think I think
I think it goes having conversations with someone where some of these topics came up and I would like try to make a funny image out of it
I have no idea. I think you need uh to play more games or something. You need to find something else as a hobby
I was doing a Balenciaga thing for a while
Oh, yeah
The Balenciaga versions of oh, I did one of you. Yeah, you're in here. Oh, is it good?
I did one of Frank
Uh, it's okay. Hmm. Are you seeing it? I've sent it to you. Oh, okay. It does sound familiar
Is this a still podcast? Are we doing a podcast? What is this? What is happening? I don't know. I have no idea
This is a weird episode. It really is. I'm sorry for our listeners. I don't know
What happens if I record a podcast ever talking for four hours? It's true. Yeah, it's yeah
Okay, let's actually go let's let's end this misery. See you next
Hello. Hello. Hi there. How are you? Hello, Dex
Hello, Dex. Hi there. Hello. Hello. Can you hear me?
The Daxer. Hello to the Dax. Dax, Dax, Dax
Can you hear me? Can you hear me?
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
How about now? Can you hear me now? Okay. Okay. There we go. Ah